---
title: "Eco-warriors"

excerpt: "Writing an essay after reading the article."

date: 2021-08-08

layout: single

categories:

 - English Writings

tages:

- Essay
- 영어공부
---

# Eco-warriors
###### Cite: 


NIMBY is changing to be environmentally friendly.
In the article, there are two branches of NIMBY, one that is wanting to be combined with new developments and the other that are completely opposed to new developments.
I think the former plays a better role in our society. 
There are three reasons for this.

First, the technologies will be enhanced. Technical developers nowadays are making technologies more carefully for the people. And if they need to take care of the ecosystem also, more development will inevitably be made.
Even now, the construction industry is putting a lot of effort into eco-friendly architecture. For example, LEED certification is an evaluation method developed by the U.S. Green Building Commission (USGBC).
The certification process is evaluated in five categories, such as 'sustainable sites' and 'energy and atmosphere'. There is a similar G-SEED certification in Korea, which is also an ecological certification.
Though it's not a certification that completely coexists with animals, I believe that if they go with eco-NIMBY, they will develop better in the future because the direction of caring about the environment is the same.

Second, I think it's helpful in terms of the economy. The building construction industry still has a lot of bad perceptions. Some people say it is a dirty, difficult, and dangerous industry, and take it on the negative side, citing poor construction, corruption, and environmental destruction, etc.
However, according to a December 2020 Construction and Economy Research Institute of Korea (CERIK) report, the construction industry contributes significantly to the national economic development, accounting for 14.5% of GDP.
If the industry overcomes negative perceptions by fusing them with eco-NIMBY, I believe that the construction industry will greatly help the national economy with better perceptions.

Finally, A variety of creative architectural designs for the environment will be produced.
Embracing designs in the direction of environmental thinking with a broad mind will bring out more human-friendly and environmentally friendly designs and concepts in the architecture industry.
This will have a positive impact on cultural and artistic sides and will help people become more interested.

Technological development, economic growth, and cultural growth are the three reasons I think positively of the eco-NIMBY people meddling in the construction industry.
