---
title: "Pump up the voltage!"

excerpt: "Writing an essay after reading the article."

date: 2021-09-05

layout: single

categories:

 - English Writings

tages:

- Essay
- 영어공부
---

# Pump up the voltage!
###### Citation: Pump up the voltage! Anonymous. The Economist; London Vol. 440, Iss. 9259, (Aug 21, 2021): 61-62.

The article is saying that Electric Vehicles are now able to run with 800V and can be charged in a shorter time, and this will more likely bring the demand for Electric Vehicles. But I am thinking in a different way. No matter how fast the charging speed is, it is not necessary with the demand of the EV unless these three problems written below are solved.

First, safety. Safety is the number 1 important factor. In August, there was news that the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport conducted a security check on EV. However, it was an issue that they only conducted 2 cars, manufactured from Hyundai and Tesla. Security checking experiment is important for potential customers so that they can find out whether it is safe enough or not. Therefore, the government should take more budget to check all EVs’ security. Also, they should make some criteria for checking the system.

The second problem will be the cost. Mostly, EV is about 15 million to 20 million won expensive than an internal combustion engine. As I mentioned before, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport conducted a safety experiment with only two EVs. The ministry said that they couldn’t afford all of the EVs since they are so expensive. (To add, they need four same cars to check one vehicle's security.) Also, the government offers a subsidy to citizens who wants to buy EVs. However, people react that it is still expensive to purchase them. Thus, automobile manufacturing companies need to participate in this dilemma to change the awareness of electric vehicle prices.

The last factor is battery charging, which is annoying. It would be embarrassing if there is no electric vehicle charging station while driving with insufficient batteries. Also, it is bothersome that every day after parking the EV, the occupant should find a place to charge the battery. Moreover, if the occupant just forgets to charge the battery, then it is not sure what happens to his car the next day. To solve this element, companies try to solve this problem, such as the electric vehicle wireless charging system. 

In conclusion, I think the perception of EV’s safety problem, cost problem, and charging problem is important to improve the demand for EVs. Hence, the government and companies should attend actively to these problems.
