---
title: "Could China Dethrone The U.S. Dollar With A Digital Yuan?"

excerpt: "Writing an essay after reading the article."

date: 2021-08-29

layout: single

categories:

 - English Writings

tages:

- Essay
- 영어공부
---

# Could China Dethrone The U.S. Dollar With A Digital Yuan?
###### Link: [Youtube](https://youtu.be/Zh-jX8AwpZI)

Recently, the CBDC, which is an abbreviation of Central Bank Digital Currency, is coming out. China is now using a CBDC instead of physical money. Also, according to the Newsis news, South Korea is going to start taking some simulation experiments on CBDC next month. Some people worry about digital currency. However, I think using the CBDC instead of physical money will be better for our society. And there are 3 reasons why.  

First of all, digitalizing money will stamp out illegal traffic. There are many issues related to the slush fund. Some people are using the money for a kickback, which is illegal. There is also a law called ‘Kim Young Lan law’, which is aimed at public officials to prevent corruption and bribery. If the CBDC is used instead of paper money, the conglomerates and public officials will work transparently.  

Second, using the CBDC is going to be convenient. We can only carry a cell phone around. We are already using an e-wallet such as Samsung pay, however, it is limited to the credit card. A week ago, I forgot to bring my wallet and had to buy a single journey ticket to take a subway. However, since I didn’t have enough paper money, so I had to go back to my house to get my wallet. It was such a waste of time. If the CBDC be publicized, everything will be paid through one smartphone.  

Finally, some people say that there are a minority of people who are unfamiliar with using a smartphone. But I think those people will learn how to use it if the CBDC goes mandatory, which will help to remove digital blind spots. Also, there will be lots of programs or applications to use CBDC easily for elderly people and some people who have disabilities. Since we are in a digital age, it is inevitable for people to meet a big change. They might undergo a hard time to adapt the new money system but soon will get used to it.  

In conclusion, I think using CBDC instead of physical money is better. Society will work transparently, it will be convenient, and also it will help to remove digital blind spots.
