---
title: "Is Organic Food Really Worth It?"

excerpt: "Writing an essay after reading the article."

date: 2021-08-29

layout: single

categories:

 - English Writings

tages:

- Essay
- 영어공부
---

# Is Organic Food Really Worth It?
###### Link: [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LAFIDR56Sw)


What is organic food? According to the HelpGuide website, ‘organic’ refers to the way agricultural products are grown and processed. In the U.S., organic crops must be grown without the use of synthetic herbicides, pesticides, and fertilizers, or bioengineered genes (GMOs). Organic livestock must be raised in living conditions accommodating their natural behaviors and fed organic feed and forage. They may not be given antibiotics, growth hormones, or any animal by-products.

The ‘organic’ seal cannot be claimed nor displayed in any place. It needs to pass some strict conditions to get the label. With this rigorous policy, lots of people trust this seal and purchase the product. Some people say that organic food is not helpful to the human body compared with non-organic food. However, I think organic food is better for humans’ health.

The first reason why is that the way of the certificate program is quite systematic. The government is managing this certification strictly. Korean government checks operations whether they have the amount of more than 2 years of farming materials that they did not use any synthetic pesticides nor chemical fertilizer for 3 years. In the U.S., the USDA organic label is only for operations that verified at least 95% of the ingredients as organic. Therefore, lots of people can trust the organic mark which means that the farmers carefully cultivated.

Second, we don’t need to worry about GMO products. GMO, Genetically Modified Organism, is commonly used in our country. Even we do eat GMO products a lot, we do not know it is safe or not. Some people say the disadvantage of GMO products. They say that GMOs will create new allergies, have no specific requirements, and they cannot predict new effects on humans. Also, some cases are harming ecology such as cross-pollination. Thus, if people hate GMO food, they can use organic food because it is GMO-free.

The final reason is that we can avoid pesticides to protect susceptible people. Organic food carries fewer pesticide residues than does conventional produce. This might be important for parents who have young babies because infants can be easily exposed to toxic pesticides. It is hard to make babies not exposed to toxins because there are lots of chemical toxins anywhere without cognition. But food is different, we can choose organic food to treat them.

In conclusion, I think organic food is taking a huge part in human life in a good way. Because it has a reliable managing system, is GMO-free, and we can protect ourselves from pesticides. 
