---
title: "A calculated risk"

excerpt: "Writing an essay after reading the article."

date: 2021-09-26

layout: single

categories:

 - English Writings

tages:

- Essay
- 영어공부
---

# A calculated risk
###### Citation: A calculated risk Anonymous. The Economist; London Vol. 440, Iss. 9262,  (Sep 11, 2021): 72.

In the early days of the pandemic, there was a ‘human challenge trial’(HCT) in Britain for COVID-19. Some people argue that HCT is useful to catch up fast with how the virus reacts when it goes inside of the human body. However, I think this kind of experiment is crazy enough to conduct. 

The first reason why is that it is very dangerous. HCT is using human life, which means that volunteers don’t know whether they die or not while it is running. In the article, many people volunteered to be infected with everything from malaria and typhoid. Even the number of volunteered people is big, it is still a harmful virus. Thus, we can’t tell its safety or fatality rate.

The second reason is that it has many issues. Although HCT has a powerful data source (which is a human) to check faster and accurate findings, this is the same as an animal experiment. And this will make ethical issues. Moreover, even if they get the result and find out it didn’t do any good, then this trial can become a big controversial topic that deals with the human rights problem.

Finally, HCT is hard to predict new possibilities, such as the virus’s new variation. Right now, the coronavirus changed several times and now the delta variation is critical in our life. HCT can give us information about early coronavirus, but it cannot tell us about different variations.

Then how the medical staff can check the cruelty of new diseases? I think digital twin can be the way instead of the HCT. A digital twin is a virtual model in a computer that has real object data. This is used mostly in the manufacturing field to check the product’s condition throughout its life cycle. The medical field is also developing a digital twin system to prepare various situations such as a viral infection, cancer transfer prediction, etc. If the digital twin is made, HCT will disappear soon in the future. Also, it will do everything from checking the results to finding the new kind of variation.

In conclusion, I concede that holding HCT is dangerous, an issue maker, and not accurate for the new possibility. Also, I think the digital twin can be a good substitute in the near future. 
