---
title: "Concrete Reinforement Modelling with IFC for Automated Rebar Fabrication"

excerpt: "Writing an essay after reading a proceedings paper."

date: 2022-04-22

layout: single

categories:

 - English Writings

tages:

- Essay
- 영어공부
---

# Concrete Reinforement Modelling with IFC for Automated Rebar Fabrication
###### Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Construction Engineering and Project Management (ICCEPM 2020)

This paper presented a problem about mapping data between Industry Foundation Classes (IFC) and BundesVereinigung der Bausoftware (BVBS) isn’t clear enough. BVBS is for Computer Numerical Control (CNC) bending machines or Production Planning and Scheduling (PPS) software, transferring data of reinforcement in cast-in-place concrete structures such as bar length, diameter, and steel grade. For the interoperability of the BIM reinforcement model, they propose a methodology to address missing information for transferring data from BIM software (Revit 2020) to the BVBS format.

Firstly, they had to find out the correlation between the two data sets, so that they can make sure of data mapping more clearly and precisely. They used the IFC4Add2 format and the BVBS data format. Identification representation, geometrical representation, characteristic properties, quantities, and steel grade were figured out. After finding information, they made a diagram to build an IFC schema. Information Delivery Manual (IDM) was applied for the entities, and Model View Definition (MVD) was used to describe the attributes. 

There were examples of short use cases of mapping data for IfcReinforcingSpiralType and IfcReinforcingLattieGurderType according to the geometrical and semantic parameter. From the paper, they are conducting to generate BVBS code automatically. They used Dynamo to extract the parameters based on their own IFC schema and used Excel Spreadsheet to organize information to BVBS format.

In this paper, I think data mapping for exchanging models is an important issue in the BIM industry area. And also authors tried to integrate rebar BIM models for fabrication, which can lead to make high Level of Detail (LOD) and help a digital-twin process. I think the paper is having an ongoing project because they didn’t show us any results of BVBS.
