---
title: "A question answering system for project management applications"

excerpt: "Writing an essay after reading a journal paper."

date: 2022-04-29

layout: single

categories:

 - English Writings

tages:

- Essay
- 영어공부
---

# A question answering system for project management applications
###### _Advanced Engineering Informatics, 16(4), 277-289_

This paper recommends a QA system for project management applications. Since project management software is emerging and becoming more complex, it is hard to derive outputs for practical problems such as cost overruns, and project delays. Therefore, they suggest a framework. They outlined the QA system framework into big four parts, knowledge representation, question understanding, answer searching and answer generation. Here, for knowledge representation, they adopted an industry-standard format called ifcXML. With this format, they made a knowledge base analyzed into subdomains like schedule, cost, etc. from various sources such as Primavera Project Planner, Microsoft Project, and Vite SimVision. About the question, they used NLP to tag and parse the natural language question and organized them through WordNet into synonym sets. To make machines understand what questions are talking about, they made a process to match questions and XQuery. To make rule for matching, they used Analyze Tree to predict possible question types and examined the rule manually. When the question and XQuery match, the system finds an appropriate answer using that XQuery from the knowledge base. In the answer generation part, they can check the type of questions (whether it is a wh- question or how question) also they can return answers to yes or no questions. This paper contends that this system’s knowledge base has the ability to build every project without manual efforts. Also using the syntactic and semantic analysis, they say that it works better.

After taking a lecture about context-free rules and generative grammar, it was way much easier to understand the overall system working. However, since it is a rule-based system, it can only do its work systemically, and can’t learn more about new questions. 
