---
title: "Advanced BIM Platform Based on the Spoken Dialogue for End-User"

excerpt: "Writing an essay after reading a proceedings paper."

date: 2022-03-10

layout: single

categories:

 - English Writings

tages:

- Essay
- 영어공부
---

# Advanced BIM Platform Based on the Spoken Dialogue for End-User
###### Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Computing in Civil and Building Engineering(ICCCBE 2020)



This paper’s main purpose is to make or modify the Revit model using natural languages. There are two advantages, the first one is that any unskilled man can use Revit easily by only using their voice. The second benefit is about the convenience part, in which workers can modify and update the Revit model anywhere by their device.

The author proposed a framework for this research. there are three steps in this framework. The first step is setting the scenario. By setting the scenario, the possibilities of error happenings can be easily diminished since they are dealing with large data. The scenario is based on a use case diagram. and it is well explained in this [link](https://googry.tistory.com/2, "link").

After the setting of the scenario, the second step is called the methodology part. There are three modules for this part. one called the Voice-to-Text module changes human language(Natural Language Query) to text language by ASR devices such as Siri and Bixby. Query Analysis module converts the text query into computer language(SQL). The Syntax analysis and Semantic analysis will be conducted in this module to improve the analyzing ability. the last module called BIM-to-RDBMS is made by Dynamo which can extract and modify through Revit file and CSV file. By using python, these three modules can be connected. And for the database, they recommended Oracle Database, which is mostly used in the UNIX environment.

The final step is the validation part. However, in this proceedings paper, I couldn’t see any mentions about the validation process.

The overall framework was interesting and easy to understand. The three modules sound feasible. There is more information about this framework in another paper: ‘BIMASR: Framework for Voice-Based BIM Information Retrieval’. I didn’t look precisely but the author used not only Python but also Java to connect all modules. And they chose ontology language called Protege for semantic analysis, NLP for syntax analysis.
